README.rst, before:

Sphinx Inventory Builder
========================

This extension adds an inventory builder, a customized builder which only generates intersphinx "object.inv" inventory files.
The documentation files are not written.

Installing
----------

Directly install via pip by using::

    pip install sphinx-inventory-builder

Add ``sphinx_inventory_builder`` to the `extensions`_ array in your Sphinx **conf.py**.
For example:

.. code-block:: python

   extensions = ['sphinx_inventory_builder']

How to use
----------

Once installed, run the new `inventory` builder::

    sphinx-build -b inventory ./source ./build

Origin Story
------------

This extension was adopted from Sage's `inventory_builder`_ and turned into an extension so it could be used by others.

.. _extensions: https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/configuration.html#confval-extensions
.. _inventory_builder: https://github.com/sagemath/sage/blob/2a9a4267f93588cf33119cbacc032ed9acc433e5/src/sage_docbuild/ext/inventory_builder.py

Commit message:

Add inventory_filename config value

README.rst, after:

Sphinx Inventory Builder
========================

This extension adds an inventory builder, a customized builder which only generates intersphinx "object.inv" inventory files.
The documentation files are not written.

Installing
----------

Directly install via pip by using::

    pip install sphinx-inventory-builder

Add ``sphinx_inventory_builder`` to the `extensions`_ array in your Sphinx **conf.py**.
For example:

.. code-block:: python

   extensions = ['sphinx_inventory_builder']

Optionally, you can configure the filename of the inventory object::

    inventory_filename = "prebuilt-objects.inv"

How to use
----------

Once installed, run the new `inventory` builder::

    sphinx-build -b inventory ./source ./build

Origin Story
------------

This extension was adopted from Sage's `inventory_builder`_ and turned into an extension so it could be used by others.

.. _extensions: https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/configuration.html#confval-extensions
.. _inventory_builder: https://github.com/sagemath/sage/blob/2a9a4267f93588cf33119cbacc032ed9acc433e5/src/sage_docbuild/ext/inventory_builder.py
